Make ZoKrates curve-generic (#493)
Zokrates/ZoKrates: zokrates_book/src/reference/proving_schemes.md

# Proving schemes

## Curves

Proving schemes supported by ZoKrates require a pairing-friendly elliptic curve. The options are the following:

### ALT_BN128
This curve is supported by Ethereum.

### BLS12_381

> This curve is *not* supported by Ethereum and currently only supports the G16 [proving scheme](#schemes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This curve is *not* supported by Ethereum and is currently only available for the G16 [proving scheme](#schemes).
```
